ANSWER 1:-
Functions reduce the need for duplicate code. This makes programs shorter, easier to read, and easier to update.The use of functions makes a program more readable

ANSWER 2:-
The function run when its call.

ANSWER3 :-

def is a keyword in a python used for creating a function.
after that we write function name.and at last we call them by writing function name.
for ex-
def history():
  print("hi")
history()

ANSWER 4:-
a block of code or set of instruction which perform a specific task is known as function.
where as a function call is the action of executing that function in a program. The function call transfers control to the function's code.

ANSWEER 5:-
Variables defined in the global scope are known as global variables .there is typically only one global scope in a Python program. 
The global scope represents the outermost level of the program and is accessible throughout the entire program.
Local Scopes: Local scopes are created whenever a function is called. Each function call creates its own local scope. 
The local scope is where variables defined within the function exist and can be accessed. These variables are known as
local variables and are only accessible within the function's scope. 

ANSWER 6:-
Once the function call returns, the local variables within the function's scope are no longer accessible. 
Any attempt to access those variables outside the function will result in an error.

ANSWER 7:-
 It can be followed by an expression that computes the desired value or by a variable that holds the value.

ANSSWER 8:-
if a function does not have return statement then we will use print keyboard to
 call the values of the function that is stored inside a variable.

ANSWER 9:-
if we want to make a function variable refer to the global variable then we will use global keyboard inside a funtion with a variable holding some vaues.

ANSWER 10:-
The None keyword is used to define a null value, or no value at all .None is a data type of its own (NoneType) and only None can be None.

ANSWER 11:-	
Python, the import statement is used to import modules or packages, allow you to use their functionality in your program.

ANSWER 12:-
we will call it like this:-
import spam
a=spam.bacon()
print(a)

ANSWER 13:-
To prevent a Python program from crashing when encountering an error, we can implement exception handling techniques using try-except blocks. 
By using try-except,we can catch and handle specific types of errors that may occur during program execution.

ANSWEER 14:-
in try block we write all normal code which excute properly and in except block we generally used to write
 those code which may cause error while excuting the program.
The try-except construct in Python is used for error handling. It allows you to handle potential errors or exceptions
 that may occur during the execution of a specific block of code. 
The purpose of the try clause is to enclose the code that might raise an exception.




